+++
title = "Relationship Between Goodwill and Corporate_Governance"

# Date first published.
date = "2012-12-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Codesso, M. M."]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Revista de Unifebe"
publication_short = "In *Revista da Unifebe*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Investments with a focus on transparency, accountability, legality and fairness can generate value for shareholders over the long term. Governance is the set of practices with purposes of optimizing the performance of the company seeking to maximize the value creation. This study aims to determine whether the goodwill generated by the stocks of companies on the Novo Mercado of BMF&BOVESPA is greater than the non-member companies. The study has a descriptive, documentary approach with quantitative data. The survey sample consists of the 100 largest companies in accordance with the magazine ranking Exame issue of June 2011. The data used for research were collected from the website of the BMF&BOVESPA and from Economatica’s database. After the processing, the result of z of the sample was 1.3534 which is less than 1.96 z critical to a level of significance of 5% indicating that cannot reject the null hypothesis, thus it is not possible stating that the goodwill generated by the stocks of companies on Novo Mercado of BMF&BOVESPA are larger than companies not members of Novo Mercado."

abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://periodicos.unifebe.edu.br/index.php/revistaeletronicadaunifebe/article/download/27/25"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = "http://periodicos.unifebe.edu.br/index.php/revistaeletronicadaunifebe/article/view/27"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++